# Hello I'm a post title

Every day is taco ipsum tuesday. If you were a taco, would you eat yourself? Burritos are very tasty. Burritos are very tasty. Ooh, with diced onions and a pinch of cilantro. Burritos are very tasty. 50 cent tacos! I’ll take 30. I think I’ve overdosed on tacos. It’s a wonderful morning for breakfast tacos. Shrimp tacos are tasty tacos! Tacos dorados called flautas, or taquitos, for which the tortillas are filled with pre-cooked shredded chicken, beef or barbacoa, rolled into an elongated cylinder and deep-fried until crisp.

You see, the refried beans are really just the adhesive necessary to apply the soft tortilla to the hard taco shell. If you were a taco, would you eat yourself? Tacos, again? This will be 5 times this week and it’s only Tuesday. Tacos for breakfast, lunch and dinner. It’s raining tacos, from out of the sky, tacos, don’t even ask why. Can you put some peppers and onions on that? Carne asada on corn tortillas. Tacos, again? This will be 5 times this week and it’s only Tuesday.

It’s taco Tuesday Monday. Fish tacos: lettuce or cabbage, pico de gallo, avocado and a sour cream or citrus/mayonnaise sauce, all placed on top of a corn or flour tortilla. Fish tacos: lettuce or cabbage, pico de gallo, avocado and a sour cream or citrus/mayonnaise sauce, all placed on top of a corn or flour tortilla. Tacos, tacos, tacos. It’s raining tacos, from out of the sky, tacos, don’t even ask why. Let’s do a beef and a chicken, and one with both. Um, Tabasco? No thanks, do you have any Cholula?
